Serenna Beers: Good morning.
Serenna Beers: Morning. How are you today.
Kennerh Blaine: I'm okay. Yeah.
Kennerh Blaine: You make this screen bigger if I can do it.
Kennerh Blaine: No, I don't want to leave meeting.
Kennerh Blaine: Here we go.
Kennerh Blaine: Oh, okay. Yes, yes.
Serenna Beers: So tell me how everything's going when you say I asked you how you are and you say, Okay, what does that mean
Kennerh Blaine: That means I'm irritated it a few things I'm
Kennerh Blaine: They're waiting for Maya why song called to pass.
Serenna Beers: Oh,
Kennerh Blaine: I think they were able to either bring him home from the hospital or they were able to go visiting
Kennerh Blaine: Which I'm perfectly okay with
Kennerh Blaine: When we got our stimulus money.
Kennerh Blaine: I gave my wife $500 to do with every she wants.
Kennerh Blaine: She has no income.
Kennerh Blaine: And
Kennerh Blaine: Then yesterday, just before she leaves. She asked me, she can have money. And she goes, Well, I know you're going to be mad, but I can I have some money. It's like
Kennerh Blaine: It's frustrating.
Because
Kennerh Blaine: This isn't the first time she's done it. She'll have money for stuff and then she'll spend it and she knows it. Well, can you just go ahead and do it. Give me more and
Kennerh Blaine: That's something we're going to talk about
Soon.
Kennerh Blaine: Because we're living off my parents right now. I gave 2000 a month for social security in my purse disability.
Kennerh Blaine: And my parents are paying my mortgage
Kennerh Blaine: So,
Kennerh Blaine: Both my parents, you're in a memory care facility and I have
Kennerh Blaine: Control over all their money and before my dad really lost it. He had been paying my mortgage
Kennerh Blaine: To help because my mom was living with us.
Kennerh Blaine: So the plan is that
Kennerh Blaine: I'm gonna sell my house in order and
Kennerh Blaine: And I should get a substantial amount of money for it. I'm gonna pay my parents back
Kennerh Blaine: This
Kennerh Blaine: Just really irritating. Yeah. And so
Kennerh Blaine: And it's been an ongoing thing ever since she lost her disability, the money.
Kennerh Blaine: So, like I say, that's a, that's a Avenue. I'm going to have to go down.
Kennerh Blaine: And usually when we have an avenue like this to go down.
Kennerh Blaine: We see our, our family counselor marriage counselor, whatever you want, which is her counselor.
Kennerh Blaine: But we're unable to do that.
Kennerh Blaine: Right now.
Kennerh Blaine: Because, you know, the whole the county shut down.
Kennerh Blaine: Right. So, and it's
Kennerh Blaine: Um, it's too weird to for both of us to talk to her.
Kennerh Blaine: On the phone or even virtually it's it's just kinda so I'm just gonna have to approach it.
Kennerh Blaine: in an appropriate manner and that's that.
Kennerh Blaine: That's the part I'm struggling with
So,
Serenna Beers: That's big stuff, you know,
Mm hmm.
Serenna Beers: So how does that impact you throughout the day. I mean, like, Are you the type that
Serenna Beers: And. And the reason that I'm asking. This is because it'll also give me an idea of how you manage your emotions.
Serenna Beers: Do you do you process it and kind of run through it and then move past it, or are you someone who will sit and it'll kind of fester until it comes out in some other way do you hold it all in a. How do you deal with it.
Kennerh Blaine: I hold it in
Kennerh Blaine: Until it festers
Kennerh Blaine: Which isn't the proper way.
Kennerh Blaine: But that's one of the things that I'm working on with Gabby and john
Kennerh Blaine: And
Kennerh Blaine: And Kenny to point O is to appropriately.
Kennerh Blaine: Appropriately.
Kennerh Blaine: handle these situations.
Kennerh Blaine: Mm hmm. So, and then usually comes out on some poor innocent victim.
Or
Kennerh Blaine: Somebody that I think
Kennerh Blaine: You know, we had
Kennerh Blaine: At my parents, first thing I did is I put cameras up everywhere. Inside, outside
Kennerh Blaine: You know their stuff at my mom and dad's
Kennerh Blaine: That I can't replace
Kennerh Blaine: I took all my dad's medals down
Kennerh Blaine: And uniform and I have them here.
Kennerh Blaine: Because
Kennerh Blaine: I'm so afraid somebody would take those but I i I'm more worried that somebody would just go in and screw them up.
Kennerh Blaine: And then I would go ballistic over that.
Kennerh Blaine: And then we had kids across the alley. I guess jumped the fence and
Kennerh Blaine: Take some pieces of old pipe.
Kennerh Blaine: That
Kennerh Blaine: Had nothing yummy. You know, they asked me to gave them to him.
Kennerh Blaine: I had a neighbor stop buying and tell me his already told a friend of mine that was working there. But when we were on our house boat trip and
Kennerh Blaine: He's sick Donny is sick. He he he had a couple of strokes and now he's had respiratory respiratory thing that is
Kennerh Blaine: Really getting sick and anyways. He, he's the one to set up all the cameras and I told him we need to set another one up because I don't have a picture and complete picture of the front of the shop. My dad's wood shop.
Kennerh Blaine: I have one inside
So,
Kennerh Blaine: I just kind of let that go.
Kennerh Blaine: Because
Kennerh Blaine: If I say something
Kennerh Blaine: In the mouth off.
Kennerh Blaine: To jail.
Kennerh Blaine: Because
Kennerh Blaine: What my parents have I can't replace. Well, my mom and dad have touched. I can't replace
Kennerh Blaine: Um, so I've let that go.
Kennerh Blaine: So let me just junkie pipe, but the theory. The thing is, you know, jumping over my fucking fence when the big gate is open. I haven't closed it so
Kennerh Blaine: That's probably how it's going to come out, something like that.
Serenna Beers: And obviously that's not the
Serenna Beers: Most
Serenna Beers: appropriate course of action.
Kennerh Blaine: Correct. I know this appear
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm. Sure.
Kennerh Blaine: But here.
Kennerh Blaine: you disrespect my parents.
Kennerh Blaine: disrespect my wife.
Kennerh Blaine: Consequences don't matter. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Well, the consequences. Don't matter in that moment, but clear clearly the
Serenna Beers: Consequence matter down the road, because it's not just you, you would affect if you go to jail or anything else. Worse, which I know that you know that right
Kennerh Blaine: And that's what has kept me from
Kennerh Blaine: Exploding on other things, other situations.
Kennerh Blaine: Is
Kennerh Blaine: I get that fleeting thought that
Kennerh Blaine: If I do this.
Kennerh Blaine: I'm risking going to jail.
Kennerh Blaine: And I
Kennerh Blaine: And then not going to be there for my parents or my wife.
Kennerh Blaine: And that
Kennerh Blaine: snapped me out of. Okay, let's look at the real consequences. Is it really worth going to that extreme.
Kennerh Blaine: And all but once it has worked
Kennerh Blaine: In
Kennerh Blaine: It.
Kennerh Blaine: The one time it got to the point where
Kennerh Blaine: I was in his face.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah. Anyways, he got on a bicycle, blah, blah, blah.
Kennerh Blaine: And screaming and or people in front of me, blah, blah, blah. During the corner, and he runs into my car.
Kennerh Blaine: And so I stopped and I said hey, and
Kennerh Blaine: Of course she said something
Kennerh Blaine: And immediately to embark
Kennerh Blaine: On now and I'm about six inches from his face, and he said something else.
Kennerh Blaine: And they said to call the cops. I said, well, it's 911 fuck head call them so
Kennerh Blaine: At that point,
Kennerh Blaine: I just turned around and went back, got my car and went about my my day.
Kennerh Blaine: Because of that fleeting thought
Kennerh Blaine: That I wouldn't be here.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, for my parents.
Kennerh Blaine: So,
Serenna Beers: How does that affect you.
Kennerh Blaine: How I
Kennerh Blaine: Usually deal with situations.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, it's better
Kennerh Blaine: It's gotten better.
Kennerh Blaine: Because I've been working on that with Gabby and john for
Kennerh Blaine: Well, a couple years in ways after I got out of the hospital in
Kennerh Blaine: Almost three this August I think it'll be three years ago or 951 50 um
Kennerh Blaine: And so I've extremely been working on that with them and
Kennerh Blaine: Coping tools.
Serenna Beers: So you you were
Serenna Beers: 50
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: What was the precipitating event.
Kennerh Blaine: With us and
Kennerh Blaine: She'd becoming very mean.
Kennerh Blaine: I mean mean
Kennerh Blaine: She's had two strokes and she has dementia.
Kennerh Blaine: So into got another urinary tract infection and she went in the hospital and from near. She went to the convalescent
Hospital.
Kennerh Blaine: And she was mean in there and from there they center to sparks Nevada, where they are is a
Kennerh Blaine: Facility up there.
Kennerh Blaine: That works with people.
Kennerh Blaine: In there.
Kennerh Blaine: In the situation. My Montana and so they got her some medication. And, um, but the part I didn't hear. Was it was temporary
Kennerh Blaine: The part I heard was they were taking my mom from me.
Kennerh Blaine: So,
Kennerh Blaine: Check out
Serenna Beers: Trying to take some notes.
To
Kennerh Blaine: Um,
Kennerh Blaine: I couldn't talk to anybody about anything without just busting down balling.
Kennerh Blaine: Uncontrollably
Kennerh Blaine: And so, Dina went with me at that time I was seeing euro.
Kennerh Blaine: Counselor, with the county
Kennerh Blaine: And she went in with me and
Kennerh Blaine: Risk a cinch. We got to do something. And she asked the question, and I gave the magic answer.
Kennerh Blaine: And
Kennerh Blaine: Then I went to our local hospital until they could, you know, find a facility for me.
Kennerh Blaine: And I stayed there. I think seven days and they did the same thing for me that they were doing for my mom is they got my medication.
Kennerh Blaine: Added some subtracted some
Kennerh Blaine: And so they got it dialed in.
Kennerh Blaine: And then when I got out, you know, I stopped by the convalescent hospital and talk to the charge nurse and told her where I'd been would happen and
Kennerh Blaine: You know, she said she was glad that I sought help because they could tell that
Kennerh Blaine: I was in no shape to take care of my mom.
Kennerh Blaine: And so mom came home after a month up there.
Kennerh Blaine: Completely different completely back to her sigh hurt herself.
Kennerh Blaine: And then once she was cleared.
Kennerh Blaine: With the urinary tract infection and
Kennerh Blaine: Everything was okay with me. I could bring her back home again. And so she lived with me and my wife for two and a half years. And that was
Kennerh Blaine: That was trying. There's no law.
Kennerh Blaine: Is no question about it.
Kennerh Blaine: And
Kennerh Blaine: Whenever we will
Kennerh Blaine: Start to talk. My mom would want to know what we're talking about. What are you doing, and
Kennerh Blaine: You know, I would explain
Kennerh Blaine: You know, the dean and I are talking Mom Oh okay, you know, and she was okay with that. But it really irritated Dina
Kennerh Blaine: Because my mom.
Kennerh Blaine: You know, added know everything's going on but
Kennerh Blaine: That's typical
Kennerh Blaine: My mom knew everything about me everything except for what happened when I was a child.
Kennerh Blaine: I would not tell her I still haven't told her.
Kennerh Blaine: And I told her, then it was going on, she would walk right up to him and put a bullet in his head.
Kennerh Blaine: With no doubt at all.
Kennerh Blaine: My dad was overseas. My mom was
Kennerh Blaine: working full time at a convalescent hospital and go on to San Diego State full time.
Kennerh Blaine: To become a physical therapist assistant
Kennerh Blaine: She was one of the first in the state of California to get her license as a physical therapy assistant and so
Kennerh Blaine: It was no way I would ever put that on her.
Kennerh Blaine: So, I mean, when my mom came home at night from the convalescent hospital I wake up for her I brush your hair I massage your feet.
Kennerh Blaine: Spin some quality time with her and then I go to bed.
Kennerh Blaine: And that's
Kennerh Blaine: The way it's been my whole life. She's always known about my drug addiction. My drug use. She was an enabler.
Kennerh Blaine: So it was my grandma, my grandma didn't know really what I was doing. She didn't know what I was doing wasn't
Kennerh Blaine: Good.
Kennerh Blaine: So the day. My mom told me know devastated me and I went, oh, run asked my grandma, my grandma told me no
I'm
Kennerh Blaine: That set me off i mean i i wasn't mad at them. I was mad at me. I had my son with me.
Kennerh Blaine: And I did something extremely stupid and my son had been taken away from me on his sixth birthday.
What did you do that wasn't
Kennerh Blaine: Well,
Kennerh Blaine: The
Kennerh Blaine: Closer didn't like each other.
Kennerh Blaine: Which is my fault. I mean, I think.
Kennerh Blaine: So anyways, we had a little show of
Kennerh Blaine: Gun power.
Kennerh Blaine: And I'm
Kennerh Blaine: didn't end up well for me.
Kennerh Blaine: So I went to jail.
Kennerh Blaine: And as soon as they released me from there I went to a right roads and Red Bluff or recovery home.
Kennerh Blaine: Got out of there with my little Good boy. Note, and when I went to court. The next time I
Kennerh Blaine: You know, showed the judge my good boy note.
Kennerh Blaine: And he told me
Kennerh Blaine: That she. My mom is a physical therapist assistant
Kennerh Blaine: And so she worked on all their backs these arms, shoulders, feet, whatever. And my dad.
Kennerh Blaine: Worked for the county
Kennerh Blaine: As a building's
Kennerh Blaine: Guy. So he builds all their desks. Their bookshelves.
Kennerh Blaine: They're both very well liked and respected judge carry on Tommy says, Mr. Blaine, if you get out of my county by send down tonight and don't ever come back.
Kennerh Blaine: We will do formal arbitration.
Kennerh Blaine: And you won't go to jail for a long time.
Kennerh Blaine: And so I was out before sundown. You know where to go. I just packed. What I add into the storage unit.
Kennerh Blaine: And left
Kennerh Blaine: And I ended up in willows.
Kennerh Blaine: To know learn me buddy's wife.
Kennerh Blaine: They were divorcing show
Kennerh Blaine: You know, one thing I do another blah, blah, blah.
Kennerh Blaine: That lasted about six months.
Kennerh Blaine: Because I started running again and again.
And
Kennerh Blaine: They all man for a test.
Kennerh Blaine: Needed a test was dirty.
Kennerh Blaine: So,
Kennerh Blaine: I begged Glenn county tip with me and a program because a some you know jailhouse lawyer told me that if you're in a recovery unit. They can't come and take you out of that unit without a special federal warrant.
Kennerh Blaine: So I when I did my 90 days.
Kennerh Blaine: I came back. So, the judge my good boy thing this time, and it says, Okay, this it
Kennerh Blaine: They transferred my probation to blend counting
Kennerh Blaine: And so
Kennerh Blaine: When I got out a right roads. Actually, before I went to write roads. I had a my sponsor Ed head where
Kennerh Blaine: It was a gruff OLD SON OF A BITCH I mean
Kennerh Blaine: He was in Pearl Harbor.
Kennerh Blaine: When Pearl Harbor was bombed.
Kennerh Blaine: Wow, and
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah.
Kennerh Blaine: He told me that if I wanted him to be my sponsor that I would do what I was told.
Kennerh Blaine: Go find somebody else.
Kennerh Blaine: I didn't like everything he told me, but I did it.
Kennerh Blaine: He got me involved in my community.
Kennerh Blaine: He told me I either had to get a job.
Kennerh Blaine: The school or something so
Kennerh Blaine: At the age of 29 I went back to continuation school and Glenn County and willows, two years later I graduated with a real high school diploma.
Very cool.
Kennerh Blaine: He used to tell me in the meetings.
Serenna Beers: To shut up.
Kennerh Blaine: Because they I didn't have anything they needed to hear. I didn't know nothing about recovery and it was true.
Kennerh Blaine: So,
Kennerh Blaine: There was an incident at Denise.
Kennerh Blaine: Were Friday night football and his home game and Danny says packed and the waitress didn't get over fast enough with my coffee. And I said, Yo, bitch. Buck over here and fill my coffee cup.
Kennerh Blaine: Everybody left
Kennerh Blaine: By the time I got home.
I had a
Kennerh Blaine: Message on my machine from it and told me that I would be in his garage at two o'clock tomorrow afternoon I got out of school at 132 years, except for send a
Kennerh Blaine: I was in his garage on my stool at two o'clock in the afternoon, and we went through steps and traditions and we went through working on, Kenny.
Kennerh Blaine: He got me involved in in COLLIN COUNTY mental health drug and alcohol Advisory Commission, which was a board then they changed the name
Kennerh Blaine: And so
Kennerh Blaine: I excelled there.
Kennerh Blaine: To where they made me the chair. After a year and a half.
Kennerh Blaine: I was scared to death.
Kennerh Blaine: When they told me that I just broke out in the most god awful smell sweat that you could ever smell from the fear.
Kennerh Blaine: And Mike Krista said can you don't worry
Kennerh Blaine: We'll walk you through it, you'll be okay.
Kennerh Blaine: I had
Kennerh Blaine: I was on that board until I moved to reading
Kennerh Blaine: 2010 2009, I guess.
Kennerh Blaine: Got married for the third time that divorced for the third time came back to Glen County.
Kennerh Blaine: And
Kennerh Blaine: Did a long haul trucking and five western states for a local guy like this love
Kennerh Blaine: And then I got back on the board again and I'm on the board now. And so, as my wife.
Kennerh Blaine: So those are the things that I was taught
Kennerh Blaine: I wasn't taught how to deal with the emotions or the anger. I was just taught
Kennerh Blaine: Not to press them.
Kennerh Blaine: And it didn't always work when somebody nice or daughter went missing.
Kennerh Blaine: And the first one that called
Kennerh Blaine: Because I'd find her.
Kennerh Blaine: Show.
Serenna Beers: So what do you think
Serenna Beers: Was
Kennerh Blaine: A payoff was
Kennerh Blaine: Ego.
Kennerh Blaine: Status.
Kennerh Blaine: Because
Kennerh Blaine: Nobody fuck with me.
Kennerh Blaine: You know, it was I didn't
Kennerh Blaine: Have a reputation of being an ass around the meetings.
Kennerh Blaine: Because I don't put up with their bullshit.
Kennerh Blaine: I don't put up with people talking and
Kennerh Blaine: Gathering when somebody else's talked and disrupting the meeting.
Kennerh Blaine: And I'm usually not pretty nice about it, it sounds. Shut the fuck up and sit down or leave
Kennerh Blaine: That's how a bunch of us were taught you know most of us with the
Kennerh Blaine: Double digits. Every covering Glenn county or taught by the old time a because we had one name one NA meeting here and we had to a meeting.
Kennerh Blaine: Mm hmm. And so
Kennerh Blaine: If we wanted another NA meeting we had to go out of town. And we did that a lot
Kennerh Blaine: We would meet at the Shell Gas station where a friend of mine in recovery. His parents sound and we flip a coin to see if we're going north or south at night for me.
Kennerh Blaine: And then we went as far away as open
Mm hmm.
Kennerh Blaine: You know, we went up north.
Kennerh Blaine: To go seek out meetings.
Kennerh Blaine: And most of us.
Kennerh Blaine: Had to work or go to school the next morning, but we just did it.
So,
Kennerh Blaine: I'm
Kennerh Blaine: You know, I don't have those values.
Kennerh Blaine: That I was taught by air and
Kennerh Blaine: They got sat on the shelf for a long time.
Kennerh Blaine: Because I was so angry about so many different things.
Kennerh Blaine: My parents celebrate this august celebrate 36 years in a
Serenna Beers: Bow and
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, I'm
Kennerh Blaine: When I figured out I had a problem.
Kennerh Blaine: I went to my dad sponsor, who had been working for around the house doing carpentry work and stuff.
Kennerh Blaine: I always figured it was a setup.
Kennerh Blaine: You know, when my dad and him.
Kennerh Blaine: Because I would get a all day.
Kennerh Blaine: When I went to him and Mary Jo and told them that
Kennerh Blaine: I had a problem with drugs and alcohol and Chuck said, well, now it's unanimous because close account is known for a long time, Kenny.
Kennerh Blaine: Yo,
Kennerh Blaine: My dad and I started a relationship that I had
Kennerh Blaine: Dreamed of my whole life.
Kennerh Blaine: I mean, we
Kennerh Blaine: We got real close. We're still close but you know did stuff that
Kennerh Blaine: I never thought I'd be able to do
Kennerh Blaine: You know, help him around his house.
Kennerh Blaine: GO FISHING WITH HIM GO CAMPING with him. I
Kennerh Blaine: Mean, he's helped me out, you know, financially in times
Kennerh Blaine: That's my way. That's my dad's way of showing his love.
Kennerh Blaine: I've never heard those words from my dad.
Kennerh Blaine: I don't ever expect to
Kennerh Blaine: And I'm okay with it.
Kennerh Blaine: Because I know his way.
Kennerh Blaine: Of
Kennerh Blaine: showing his love of his
Kennerh Blaine: You know, doing other things.
Serenna Beers: His love language.
Kennerh Blaine: around my house.
Kennerh Blaine: It was I, you, bro.
Serenna Beers: Here's his love language wasn't of words as much as it was of action, maybe
Serenna Beers: Correct, yes.
Kennerh Blaine: And I knew that I mean I'd figured that out, you know, long, long time ago.
Kennerh Blaine: And that just made my mom's heart.
Kennerh Blaine: Filled with so much joy.
Kennerh Blaine: My dad gave me a key to his house.
Kennerh Blaine: That
Kennerh Blaine: That was huge.
Kennerh Blaine: On my 18th birthday, my mom sent me down to San Diego to my cousins.
Kennerh Blaine: And when I got home, my dad tore up my bedroom.
Kennerh Blaine: Enlarge the kitchen.
Serenna Beers: Wow.
Kennerh Blaine: Here's your bags.
Kennerh Blaine: Figure life out boy.
Kennerh Blaine: So,
Kennerh Blaine: I did for a little bit.
Kennerh Blaine: I'm
Kennerh Blaine: not married to my son's a donor went to Reno.
Serenna Beers: Got married
Serenna Beers: To to call her egg donor.
Serenna Beers: Oh my goodness.
Serenna Beers: That caught caught me off guard.
Kennerh Blaine: And I went in the army.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: She was supposed to come in the army to we were, we went in on the buddy system so
Kennerh Blaine: That we would be station, you know, in the same
Kennerh Blaine: So anyways, I wouldn't long
Kennerh Blaine: Got your basic training, blah blah blah, was going through my
Kennerh Blaine: advanced training and truck driver school I went for a missile
Kennerh Blaine: Persian missile tech nation, and I wasn't able to get that because I couldn't get a security clearance. Go figure.
Hmm.
Kennerh Blaine: So,
Kennerh Blaine: I went to truck driving school
Kennerh Blaine: In
Kennerh Blaine: Portland word Missouri and about three reach into that.
Kennerh Blaine: My she had attempted suicide.
Kennerh Blaine: I mean they pulled me out pulled me aside, they sent me to a retreat because they were afraid what I would do.
Kennerh Blaine: My dad.
Kennerh Blaine: Immediately called
Kennerh Blaine: The commander of the post.
Kennerh Blaine: And explain to them that they needed to watch me
Kennerh Blaine: Make sure I was safe. After I got that news.
Kennerh Blaine: And so
Kennerh Blaine: You know, after a little while I was so okay
Kennerh Blaine: Well, after I finished the training. I went home and when I came home.
Kennerh Blaine: My best friends in the world said, hey, you need to
Kennerh Blaine: You need to go talk to her because
Kennerh Blaine: She is
Kennerh Blaine: shacking up with somebody else.
Serenna Beers: Hmm.
Kennerh Blaine: So that did
Serenna Beers: So what do you think is your
Serenna Beers: What is your primary
Serenna Beers: Struggle as far as because based on
Serenna Beers: Some of your backstory. There's a common thread and that's underlining anger, which you go a little deep, deep deeper than that.
Serenna Beers: Anger is just fear.
Serenna Beers: Inside Out not like you're a chicken shit. I mean, fear as okay
Kennerh Blaine: There's, there's
Serenna Beers: There's a fear attached to that.
Kennerh Blaine: And, um, yeah. The fear is that somebody's going to hurt.
Kennerh Blaine: And
Kennerh Blaine: Then ain't gonna happen again.
Kennerh Blaine: Now, it was the bottom and it took me a long time to
Kennerh Blaine: Be able to admit that or come up with that.
Kennerh Blaine: And then when we got into my dad and
Kennerh Blaine: It took me a long time to except that he wasn't there for me when I was growing up.
Kennerh Blaine: Because the first thing I would say is my dad's a war hero, and he is. He's a true
Kennerh Blaine: 100% war hero.
Kennerh Blaine: The metals in the certificates to prove it, you will never say that.
Kennerh Blaine: But that's what I would say. Because I would avoid it.
Kennerh Blaine: I would avoid the
Kennerh Blaine: Idea of thinking that he chose the military career over me.
Kennerh Blaine: And that's where my anger started very early age. First time I was ever suspended from school was fourth grade, and it just went
Kennerh Blaine: Down from there. Mm hmm. Put me in special classes.
Kennerh Blaine: I do have some learning disabilities.
What are those
Kennerh Blaine: Dyslexia
Kennerh Blaine: Okay. Um, and I also
Kennerh Blaine: I have a real time real hard time understanding written instructions.
Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: It doesn't compete up here.
Kennerh Blaine: You can show me a picture and I can put that together to wait a picture says, but to read the instructions and
Kennerh Blaine: execute them only off the paper. All right, I
Kennerh Blaine: Can do that.
Kennerh Blaine: And usually when I try to do that because I can't figure it out by the picture I get real frustrated and I guess give up.
Kennerh Blaine: So, I mean, that's one of the
Kennerh Blaine: That is one of the strong things. My wife and I have together. Is she
Kennerh Blaine: She will read the instructions, show me how to do it. Tell me how to do it and it
Kennerh Blaine: And
Kennerh Blaine: It works.
Kennerh Blaine: Show.
Kennerh Blaine: I think I told you about my son.
Kennerh Blaine: I have no contact with him.
Kennerh Blaine: My other son.
Kennerh Blaine: Who isn't my biological but Dina's youngest
Kennerh Blaine: Calls me dad and I called him son, he's been coming down the last couple of weekends.
Kennerh Blaine: To help us.
Kennerh Blaine: And he came out of his bedroom crying last Saturday, and I got up to hugging me kind of put his hand up. I thought it was emotional over you know his, his great uncle maybe dying.
Kennerh Blaine: But he told me he had daddy issues.
Okay.
And
Kennerh Blaine: He told me that
Kennerh Blaine: First day I Maddie.
Kennerh Blaine: Did I treated
Kennerh Blaine: With respect, and even when he screwed up and they screwed up a few times I've never turned my back on him.
Kennerh Blaine: And then he's never had some, but he
Kennerh Blaine: And his life that he called daddy.
Kennerh Blaine: And we hugged and we cried.
Kennerh Blaine: But
Kennerh Blaine: That was special. And he also told me see.
Kennerh Blaine: I gave me my mom's car two years ago.
Kennerh Blaine: Mm hmm. He lives in love, we live in Oregon.
Kennerh Blaine: 30 miles away.
Kennerh Blaine: And so when I called asked, we need to have to go get him or his girlfriend to have to bring him down. That was very inconvenient. Anyways, blah, blah, blah.
Kennerh Blaine: I gave him my mom's car.
Kennerh Blaine: Until 1995 Ford
Kennerh Blaine: Taking care of in the garage little old lady drove it you know that whole
Kennerh Blaine: And in six months, he destroyed.
I was pissed.
Kennerh Blaine: And beginning
Serenna Beers: I would imagine.
And
Kennerh Blaine: He would come in, you know, asked me for help.
Kennerh Blaine: He has a big ass on his chest. He wants to save a whole and you know
Serenna Beers: Captain said.
Yep.
Kennerh Blaine: And so
Kennerh Blaine: I told him.
Kennerh Blaine: See, you know, this car wasn't given to you.
Kennerh Blaine: To run all these bitches around the world.
Kennerh Blaine: That was given to you seek to get a job and you can come and help me and mom when we need it.
Kennerh Blaine: And so
Kennerh Blaine: I think that's it.
Kennerh Blaine: Didn't change.
Kennerh Blaine: He ended up getting a possession violation up and Susan bill.
Kennerh Blaine: Um,
Kennerh Blaine: I wasn't gonna bail him out. I wasn't gonna go getting I'm not putting money on his books.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm. Nothing.
Kennerh Blaine: Anyway, so we got out. He got his car.
Kennerh Blaine: And he got just passed Chico, and the transmission
Kennerh Blaine: quit working
Kennerh Blaine: So calls me
Kennerh Blaine: I go look at the car.
Kennerh Blaine: Well,
Kennerh Blaine: The mission was completely on a fluid.
Kennerh Blaine: And it was irritated because I didn't bring no transmission fluid and I've already called triple aim to have it towed to my house.
Kennerh Blaine: So I told him I'm done.
Kennerh Blaine: That's it.
Kennerh Blaine: Last time. Well, now he's ran into so much crap. He's good. There isn't a corner on that car that isn't screwed up.
Kennerh Blaine: Went over something
Kennerh Blaine: And he screwed up the tie rod in front end and it wears tires off.
Kennerh Blaine: Within about 80 miles under miles. It literally, where's the tyro so anyways I told him I'm done. It's parked in my parking lot or in my garage driveway here and I told him. If you want money to fix that you need come down here and work.
Kennerh Blaine: Well, that didn't work until the last two weekends.
Kennerh Blaine: And he realized that
Kennerh Blaine: How much he had been
Kennerh Blaine: Screwing off.
Kennerh Blaine: And he promised me that when I asked him to come to help that he would show up when I asked him to
Kennerh Blaine: When he was here, he would work because he would come here and he would eat and he would see
Kennerh Blaine: When went to closer. He
Kennerh Blaine: Was supposed to help with a big brush pile.
Kennerh Blaine: Even overlaid on the grass and slept for four
Kennerh Blaine: I was done.
Kennerh Blaine: I
Kennerh Blaine: Said, I'm not doing
Kennerh Blaine: I'm not asking for his help.
Kennerh Blaine: And so of course one last time I did. And he'd been real good. And that's when he came up with the
Kennerh Blaine: The daddy issue thing last Saturday of I've never turned my back on aim.
Kennerh Blaine: Did tell him I'm not fixing your car, you're going to have to work and earning
Kennerh Blaine: I said $10 an hour, I said that don't mean sleeping under the couch. I don't mean sitting in a chair smoking cigarettes playing on your damn phone
Kennerh Blaine: Let me get off your ass and working
Mm hmm.
Kennerh Blaine: So the last couple of weekends. He's done that real well.
Serenna Beers: That's good. So, so
Serenna Beers: Tell me, because I'm I'm we're coming up to the close of the hour, and I've got a session.
Serenna Beers: At nine
Serenna Beers: But this is good stuff. Honestly, because I'm with
Serenna Beers: Em, er, and do you like to go by Kenny or Kenneth or Ken
Serenna Beers: What is your preference.
Kennerh Blaine: Kenny.
Serenna Beers: Okay Kenny, Kenny. So, you know, as we prepped to begin doing. Hello. Hello.
Kennerh Blaine: Hello.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me. Oh.
Kennerh Blaine: You're frozen.
Kennerh Blaine: I'm frozen. I can hear you.
Serenna Beers: Okay, there you go.
Kennerh Blaine: No, no, I'm frozen.
Serenna Beers: Oh yes, um, as we move
Serenna Beers: Towards getting closer to the stage of where we actually do the work with the wand. It's important for me to understand your what I like to call your trigger points.
Serenna Beers: And the, the one thing that I feel is one of your biggest if not the one is your anger, because all of the underlining roots that are attached to that anger is what you need to resolve which hasn't been yet.
Serenna Beers: Your abuse as a child. Your abuse in many different ways. The abuse from your dad and maybe he showed you. He loved you, in different ways. But there's that
Serenna Beers: Attachment issue. There's that disconnectedness there's that lack of emotional support and which has caused you to shut down. You've operated in your adult life with a guard because, as you said, and I put quotes here.
Serenna Beers: Someone is going to hurt me, and I can't allow that to happen again. That's very powerful statement, very, very powerful.
Serenna Beers: And my goal with with you and tell me if this line might lines up with with with you is to create
Serenna Beers: A pathway where you can
Serenna Beers: Work through some of these past traumatic issues in order to get to a place where you don't operate out of being reactionary and the first place that you go to is anger.
Serenna Beers: You, it seems like you know, especially now that you feel like in your lifetime that you want a different way to resolve issues when they bother you versus stuffing it and then imploding. So you implode you stuff, that stuff, that stuff at stuff it and then you
Serenna Beers: Rage usually as you said to somebody who is an innocent bystander. That's usually what happens when you deal with somebody who implodes
Serenna Beers: But then you quickly move from imploding. Once you've had enough, then it. That's when you explode. Well clearly that's not a healthy
Serenna Beers: coping skill and so I believe what your goal is, is to get to a place where you can work through childhood trauma and current trauma and around your mother. And that's a very big, big issue because there's clearly codependency
Serenna Beers: There in a very unhealthy way but
Serenna Beers: Mind you I I sure hope that you understand that I'm not judging you in any way. I wouldn't think of there to be anything less because you were presented with a job to take care of her, because your father wasn't there. So you just continue, continue that pattern right
Serenna Beers: So that I think that there is some adjustments, along with the EM dr in behaviors that will help you to sustain the work that we do. So for example, if we are going to do some work around your trigger points of anger that are attached to all those past events.
Serenna Beers: Then I'm going to make sure that you understand going for four foot forward the additional work that you have to keep doing. And all that means is, Oh, hello.
Kennerh Blaine: I lost you for the last 30 seconds.
Kennerh Blaine: Oh,
Kennerh Blaine: Well, right after my trigger point
Serenna Beers: Okay loss.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so I, I just think that it's going to be a great place for us to start with your anger, because your anger has different branches. There's all kinds of events that are tied to anger, and if we just start there with what is your most
Serenna Beers: What is your most act activating event, then things will come up as we are doing the bilateral stimulation. So have I gone over with you the steps that we are going to do.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, yes. And I'm doing some of that with Gabby to say
Serenna Beers: Okay, great. No, you're good.
Serenna Beers: Okay, good. That's right. Alright, so then for next week.
Serenna Beers: What I want you to do without you obsessing because I don't want you to, you know, think about all the things that you're angry about all week because then you'll be angry and we don't want that.
Serenna Beers: But I do want you to kind of maybe maybe right before our session just come up with what you
Think
Serenna Beers: In the present is the most significant trigger point for you, things that create dissension and anger and rage and create uncomfortable unity within your body as well as within your mental health, and that's the first one that will work on. What do you think about that.
Serenna Beers: I like it. Okay. All right. Well, then, for next Thursday at 8am. We will start, we'll probably spend the first 10 minutes just figuring out exactly what
Serenna Beers: activating event that we're going to go on and then we'll start the bilateral stimulation and then we will talk, talk about it after the end and see where we go from there.
Kennerh Blaine: Wonderful.
Serenna Beers: Alright, well, I think we have either group, are you in Doc, Doc. Dr. Ella.
Serenna Beers: Next Friday.
Serenna Beers: Friday. Okay, so I will see you
Later.
Serenna Beers: That's right. So I'll see you Friday at four right
Kennerh Blaine: Yes. Could you please spell me her last name, I need to give it to Gabby.
Serenna Beers: Yes, I
Kennerh Blaine: Put it on my release.
Kennerh Blaine: Your, your on my my release of information already with Gabby. I did that Tuesday.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, good. Remember
Kennerh Blaine: The doctor's name because my theory is the more of you people work together and know what
Kennerh Blaine: Is going on with Kenny.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Kennerh Blaine: The better it is for Kenny.
Kennerh Blaine: So I am
Serenna Beers: I agree with you. Okay, open with everybody.
Kennerh Blaine: That's good, cuz you need ready. Okay. It's a bell SPL is dr bellows Allah DAG al a
Serenna Beers: Da G.
Kennerh Blaine: Could you spell her first name, please.
Serenna Beers: Yes, it is B.
Serenna Beers: O B.
Is
Kennerh Blaine: OK.
Kennerh Blaine: Thank you.
Serenna Beers: You're welcome. And I will
Kennerh Blaine: See you in groups.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: Oh, that's right, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Girl.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: All right, bye. Yeah.
Kennerh Blaine: Bye bye.